[Feature] Add mlflow experiment tracker (#450)
pasqal-io/qadence: docs/tutorials/qml/ml_tools.md

    return model, optimizer
```

## Experiment tracking with mlflow

Qadence allows to track runs and log hyperparameters, models and plots with [tensorboard](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/recipes/recipes/tensorboard_with_pytorch.html) and [mlflow](https://mlflow.org/). In the following, we demonstrate the integration with mlflow.

### mlflow configuration
We have control over our tracking configuration by setting environment variables. First, let's look at the trakcing URI. For the purpose of this demo we will be working with a local database, in a similar fashion as described [here](https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/tracking/tutorials/local-database.html),
```bash
export MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI=sqlite:///mlruns.db
```

Qadence can also read the following two environment variables to define the mlflow experiment name and run name
```bash
export MLFLOW_EXPERIMENT=test_experiment
export MLFLOW_RUN_NAME=run_0
```

> If no tracking URI is provided, mlflow stores runs and artifacts in the local `./mlflow` directory and if no names are defined, the experiment and run will be named with random UUIDs.

Author: resolved in 243366c, although in a slightly different way

```python
import random
from itertools import count

import numpy as np
import torch
from matplotlib import pyplot as plt
from matplotlib.figure import Figure
from torch.nn import Module
from torch.utils.data import DataLoader

from qadence import hea, QuantumCircuit, Z
from qadence.constructors import feature_map, hamiltonian_factory
from qadence.ml_tools import train_with_grad, TrainConfig
from qadence.ml_tools.data import to_dataloader
from qadence.ml_tools.utils import rand_featureparameters
from qadence.models import QNN, QuantumModel
from qadence.types import ExperimentTrackingTool

hyperparams = {
    "seed": 42,
    "batch_size": 10,
    "n_qubits": 2,
    "ansatz_depth": 1,
    "observable": Z,
}

np.random.seed(hyperparams["seed"])
torch.manual_seed(hyperparams["seed"])
random.seed(hyperparams["seed"])

def dataloader(batch_size: int = 25) -> DataLoader:
    x = torch.linspace(0, 1, batch_size).reshape(-1, 1)
    y = torch.cos(x)
    return to_dataloader(x, y, batch_size=batch_size, infinite=True)
```

> We continue with the usual QNN definition, as well as loss function and optimizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We continue with the regular QNN definition, together with the loss function and optimizer.
```
